My calm voice is a tale from the Yagakishime newspaper.
Yeah?
I heard a conflict between a person second to the real man.
I believe that this gonna be a very strange rendering.
His heart and
Dear master Minosha,
giving you the imperial baptism Green cultural center is not enough
If you insist on staying under the position to a mere haraitede
Oh, om αυτό gara has eclipsedcold arms.
So, no wonder mulking that
Please forgive his actions
The transressor was devastated by my farewell
Even the schuylash poured into my lap
I still haven't forgotten his glaring face
You made me temperatura哎
OK ?
I will remember your face